nico congratulations on the victory that there
super light from what your series today
I would already have conjured up ice
it was so easy to say
no of course we do not understand each other
that's great, I think almost every one thinks
game
Well, what should I say?
nevertheless hard against any opponent though
we know how we play
know how we run and always give
our best
have you thought about the penalty?
you're doing so I 'm trying to make it
because you are training but gentlemanly
business so far already know it
thought okay he does not know
I'll try that and coach
what do you expect from sunday before
play of the return game quasi against head
were
I think that now know how
we play but we know it now
I think that's a bit too
More will go on body and kicked
maybe three of us will try it
want to turn off but wait see that
game was balanced today and think
that I will hand on sunday as well
right now it's time for the
at the table
no no maybe look yourself
any youngest buses the table
and tell me but I have it
not himself and so small
bit celebrate the inside so today
we can celebrate a bit
We are happy to sit and talk buses laugh
We are happy
Tomorrow we will have training about tomorrow
everything goes on the same wish you
good luck for sunday I press the
thumb that steven outstanding game
you have a little bit for that today
researched what the crimmitschau in
In any case I believe in it
Crimmitschau is just as good
I think I have done
us little missed ourselves
Reward but I think we have
definitely made up for today
Today a first-rate chance
recovery but 100 defensive good
confessed what was ultimately
crucial from your point of view
gates or rather the defensive because it
of course, also goals to win
but there's nothing to be dropped
behind and I believe something from one
good defensive comes then too
Of course good chances in the storm
it did well today too
chance as you said, well transformed
How was that after the 5 to 3 have
you there already thought that was it but
I think they are already
come and they have a great one
superman crew I mean they have that
you can find yours very well
recorded and they have again
shown but I think we have one
Good job again on the defensive
made and then thrown everything
and deservedly won against frankfurt
I would say what did you do as
we went to the cabin after the
Of course, victory is already celebrating and celebrating
secure a bit and hugs
but on sunday is the first game
and training again tomorrow and then
we want the next on sunday
high
I'll tell the coach of
Kaufbeuren was at the press conference
madly what do you expect from sunday
I think we will definitely
come even more like here now but us
have to hold against it and our game
play and then I do not think so
Bear in mind that we are there somehow
go down or so again great
game and I'm looking forward to Sunday
then